FT5x06  FocalTech Systems Co., Ltd   ·   www.focaltech-systems.com   ·   support@focaltech-systems.com  Document Number: D-FT5x06-1005 (Version: 0.2)   Revised June 21, 2010  From No.: F-OI-RD01-03-03-B  T rue Multi-Touch Capacitive Touch Panel Controller  INTRODUCTION  The FT5x06 Series ICs are single-chip capacitive touch panel controller ICs with a built-in 8 bit Micro-controller unit (MCU).They adopt the mutual capacitance approach, which supports true multi-touch capability. In conjunction with a mutual capacitive touch panel, the FT5x06 have user-friendly input functions, which can be applied on many portable devices, such as cellular phones, MIDs, netbook and notebook personal computers. The FT5x06 series ICs include FT5206/FT5306/FT5406, the difference of their specifications will be listed individually in this datasheet.  FEATURES  z   Mutual Capacitive Sensing Techniques  z   True Multi-touch with up to 10 Points of Absolution X and Y Coordinates  z   Immune to RF Interferences  z   Auto-calibration: Insensitive to Capacitance and Environ- mental Variations  z   Supports up to 28 Transmit Lines and 16 Receive Lines  z   Supports up to 8.9” Touch Screen  z   Full Programmable Scan Sequences with Individual Ad- justable Receive Lines and Transmit Lines to Support Various Applications  z   High Report Rate: More than 100Hz  z   Touch Resolution of 100 Dots per Inch (dpi) or above -- depending on the Panel Size  z   Optional Interfaces :I2C/SPI  z   2.8V to 3.6V Operating Voltage  z   Supports 1.8V/3.3V IOVCC  z   Capable of Driving Single Channel (transmit/receive) Re- sistance: Up to15K   Ω  z   Capable of Supporting Single Channel (transmit/receive) Capacitance: 60 pF  z   Optimal Sensing Mutual Capacitor: 1pF~4pF  z   12-Bit ADC Accuracy  z   Built-in MCU with 32KB Program Memory, 6KB Data Memory and 256B Internal Data Space  z   11   Internal   Interrupt   Sources and 2 External Interrupt Sources  z   3 Operating Modes  ¾   Active  ¾   Monitor  ¾   Hibernate  z   Operating Temperature Range: -40°C to +85°C

FT5x06 DATASHEET  FocalTech Systems Co., Ltd   ·   www.focaltech-systems.com   ·   support@focaltech-systems.com  Document Number: D-FT5x06-1005 (Version: 0.2)   Revised June 21, 2010  From No.: F-OI-RD01-03-03-B  \\  1   OVERVIEW   .............................................................................................................................................................. 1  1.1   T   YPICAL   A   PPLICATIONS   ....................................................................................................................................... 1  2   FUNCTIONAL DESCRIPTION   ................................................................................................................................. 1  2.1   A   RCHITECTURAL   O   VERVIEW ................................................................................................................................. 1  2.2   MCU   ................................................................................................................................................................ 2  2.3   O   PERATION   M   ODES   ............................................................................................................................................ 2  2.4   H OST   I NTERFACE   ................................................................................................................................................ 3  2.5   S ERIAL   I NTERFACE   ............................................................................................................................................. 3  2.5.1   I2C   ........................................................................................................................................................... 3  2.5.2   SPI   ........................................................................................................................................................... 4  3   ELECTRICAL SPECIFICATIONS   .................................................................................................................................... 6  3.1   A BSOLUTE   M AXIMUM   R ATINGS .................................................................................................................................. 6  3.2   DC   C HARACTERISTICS ............................................................................................................................................. 7  3.3   AC   C HARACTERISTICS   ............................................................................................................................................. 7  3.4   I/O   P ORTS   C IRCUITS .............................................................................................................................................. 8  4   PIN CONFIGURATIONS   ............................................................................................................................................... 8  5   PACKAGE INFORMATION .......................................................................................................................................... 11  5.1   P ACKAGE   I   NFORMATION OF   QFN-5 X 5-40L   P ACKAGE   .................................................................................................... 11  5.2   P ACKAGE   I   NFORMATION OF   QFN-6 X 6-48L   P ACKAGE   .................................................................................................... 12  5.3   P ACKAGE   I   NFORMATION OF   QFN-8 X 8-68L   P ACKAGE   .................................................................................................... 13  5.4   O   RDER   I   NFORMATION ............................................................................................................................................ 14  TABLE OF CONTENTS

FT5x06 DATASHEET  FocalTech Systems Co., Ltd   Version 0.2   ︱ Page 1 of 17  1   OVERVIEW 1.1   Typical Applications  FT5x06 accommodate a wide range of applications with a set of buttons up to a 2D touch sensing device, their typical applications are listed below.  z   Mobile phones, smart phones  z   MIDs  z   Netbook  z   Navigation systems, GPS  z   Game consoles  z   Car applications  z   POS (Point of Sales) devices  z   Portable MP3 and MP4 media players  z   Digital cameras FT5x06 Series ICs support 2.8”~8.9” Touch Panel, users may find out their target IC from the specs. listed in the following table,  Panel   Package Model Name   TX   RX   Type   Pin   Size   Touch Panel Size  FT5206GE1   15   10   QFN5*5   40   0.75-P0.4   2.8" ～ 3.8" FT5306DE4   20   12   QFN6*6   48   0.75-P0.4   4.3" ～ 7" FT5406EE8   28   16   QFN8*8   68   0.75-P0.4   7" ～ 8.9"  2   FUNCTIONAL DESCRIPTION 2.1   Architectural Overview  Figure2-1 shows the overall architecture for the FT5x06.  Figure 2-1 FT5x06 System Architecture Diagram  The FT5x06 is comprised of five main functional parts listed below,  z   Touch Panel Interface Circuits The main function for the AFE and AFE controller is to interface with the touch panel. It scans the panel by sending AC signals to the panel and processes the received signals from the panel. So, it supports both Transmit (TX) and Receive (RX) functions. Key pa- rameters to configure this circuit can be sent via serial interfaces, which will be explained in detail in a later section.

FT5x06 DATASHEET  FocalTech Systems Co., Ltd   Version 0.2   ︱ Page 2 of 17  z   8051-based MCU This MCU is 8051 compatible with some enhancements. For instant, larger program and data memories are supported. In addition, a Multiplication-Division unit (MDU) is implemented to speed up the touch detection algorithms. Furthermore, a Flash ROM is implemented to store programs and some key parameters. Complex signal processing algorithms are implemented with firmware running on this MCU to process further the received signals in order to detect the touches reliably. Communication protocol software is also implemented on this MCU to exchange data and control information with the host processor.  z   External Interface  ¾   I2C/SPI: an interface for data exchange with host  ¾   INT: an interrupt signal to inform the host processor that touch data is ready for read  ¾   WAKE: an interrupt signal for the host to change F5x06 from Hibernate to Active mode  ¾   /RST: an external low signal reset the chip.  z   A watch dog timer is implemented to ensure the robustness of the chip.  z   A voltage regulator to generate 1.8V for digital circuits from the input VDD3 supply  2.2   MCU  This section describes some critical features and operations supported by the 8051 compatible MCU. Figure 2-2 shows the overall structure of the MCU block. In addition to the 8051 compatible MCU core, we have added the following circuits,  z   MDU: A 16x8 Multiplier and A 32/32 Divider  z   Program Memory: 32KB Flash  z   Data Memory: 6KB SRAM  z   Real Time Clock (RTC): A 32KHz RC Oscillator  z   Timer: A number of timers are available to generate different clocks  z   Master Clock: 24/ 48MHz from A 48MHz RC Oscillator  z   Clock Manager: To control various clocks under different operation conditions of the system  Figure 2-2 MCU Block Diagram  2.3   Operation Modes  FT5x06 operates in the following three modes:  z   Active Mode When in this mode, FT5x06 actively scans the panel. The default scan rate is 60 frames per second. The host processor can configure FT5x06 to speed up or to slow down.  z   Monitor Mode When in this mode, FT5x06 scans the panel at a reduced speed. The default scan rate is 25 frames per second and the host processor can increase or decrease this rate. When in this mode, most algorithms are stopped. A simpler algorithm is being executed to de- termine if there is a touch or not. When a touch is detected, FT5x06 shall enter the Active mode immediately to acquire the touch

FT5x06 DATASHEET  FocalTech Systems Co., Ltd   Version 0.2   ︱ Page 3 of 17  information quickly. During this mode, the serial port is closed and no data shall be transferred with the host processor.  z   Hibernate Mode In this mode, the chip is placed in a power down mode. It shall only respond to the “WAKE” signal from the host processor. The chip therefore consumes very little current, which help prolong the standby time for the portable devices.  2.4   Host Interface  Figure 2-3 shows the interface between a host processor and FT5x06. This interface consists of the following three sets of signals:  z   Serial Interface  z   Interrupt from FT5x06 to the Host  z   Wake-up Signal from the Host to FT5x06  Figure 2-3 Host Interface Diagram  The serial interfaces of FT5x06 is I2C or SPI. The details of this interface are described in detail in Section 2.5. The interrupt signal (/INT) is used for FT5x06 to inform the host that data are ready for the host to receive. The /WAKE signal is used for the host to wake up FT5x06 from the Hibernate mode. After exiting the Hibernate mode, FT5x06 shall enter the Active mode.  2.5   Serial Interface  FT5x06 supports the I2C or SPI interfaces, which can be used by a host processor or other devices. 2.5.1   I2C  The I2C is always configured in the Slave mode. The data transfer format is shown in   Figure 2-4   .  Figure 2-4   I2C Serial Data Transfer Format  TP   FT5x06  TP Module  Host /INT Serial Interface RX TX /WAKE

FT5x06 DATASHEET  FocalTech Systems Co., Ltd   Version 0.2   ︱ Page 4 of 17  Figure 2-5 I2C master write, slave read  Figure 2-6 I2C master read, slave write  Table 2-1 lists the meanings of the mnemonics used in the above figures.  Table 2-1 Mnemonics Description  Mnemonics   Description  S   I2C Start or I2C Restart A[6:0] Slave address A[6:4]: 3’b011 A[3:0]: data bits are identical to those of I2CCON[7:4] register. W   1’b0: Write R   1’b1: Read C   ACK P   STOP: the indication of the end of a packet (if this bit is missing, S will indicate the end of the current packet and the beginning of the next packet) I2C Interface Timing Characteristics is shown in Table 2-2.  Table 2-2 I2C Timing Characteristics  Parameter   Unit   Min   Max  SCL frequency   KHz   0   400 Bus free time between a STOP and START condition   us   4.7   \ Hold time (repeated) START condition   us   4.0   \ Data setup time   ns   250   \ Setup time for a repeated START condition   us   4.7   \ Setup Time for STOP condition   us   4.0   \  2.5.2   SPI  SPI is a 4 wire serial interface. The following is a list of the 4 wires:  z   SCK: serial data clock  z   MOSI: data line from master to slave  z   MISO: data line from slave to master  z   SLVESEL: active low select signal SPI transfers data at 8bit packets. The phase relationship between the data and the clock can be defined by the two registers: phase and polck. Some data transfer examples can be found in Figure 2-7 to Figure 2-10.

FT5x06 DATASHEET  FocalTech Systems Co., Ltd   Version 0.2   ︱ Page 5 of 17  Figure 2-7 SPI Data Transfer Format (Phase=0, POLCK=0)  Figure 2-8 SPI Data Transfer Format (PHASE=0, POLCK=1)  Figure 2-9 SPI Data Transfer Format (Phase=1, POLCK=0)  Figure 2-10 SPI Data Transfer Format (Phase=1, POLCK=1)  SPI can be configured into either Master or Slave mode via the MAS bit of the SPI0CON register. When in the Master mode, the SPI needs to supply the data clock, whose frequency relationship with the Master clock can be set by CLKDVD bits of the SPI0CON register. When it is configured in the Slave mode, the clock, SCK, is supplied by the external Master. The maximum data clock frequency must not be higher than 8  mclk F   . SPI Interface Timing Characteristics is shown in the following Figure2-11,Figure2-12 and Table 2-3.

FT5x06 DATASHEET  FocalTech Systems Co., Ltd   Version 0.2   ︱ Page 6 of 17  Figure 2-11 SPI Timing PHASE = 0  Figure 2-12 SPI Timing PHASE = 1  Tms:   The time between the first cycle of SCK and the beginning of the valid SLVSEL in the master mode Tme:   The time between the end of last cycle of SCK and the beginning of invalid SLVSEL in the master mode Tml:   The minimum trailing time of the invalid SLVSEL in the master mode Tss0:   The time between the beginning of the valid SLVSEL and the first bit valid output data in the slave mode and when phase = 0  Table 2-3 SPI Timing Characteristics  Symbol   Unit   Value  Tms   Cycle of SCK   1 Tme   Cycle of SCK   1 Tml   Cycle of SCK   1 Tss0   Cycle of SPI internal clock   4  3   ELECTRICAL SPECIFICATIONS 3.1   Absolute Maximum Ratings  Table 3-1 Absolute Maximum Ratings  Item   Symbol   Unit   Value   Note  Power Supply Voltage 1   VDDA - VSSA   V   -0.3 ~ +3.6   1, 2 Power Supply Voltage 2   VDD3 – VSS   V   -0.3 ~ +3.6   1, 3 I/O Power Supply Voltage   Vt   V   -0.3 ~ IOVCC + 0.3   1,4 Operating Temperature   Topr   ℃   -40 ~ +85   1 Storage Temperature   Tstg   ℃   -55 ~ +110   1  Notes  1 、 If used beyond the absolute maximum ratings, FT5x06 may be permanently damaged. It is strongly recommended that the device be used within the electrical characteristics in normal operations. If exposed to the condition not within the electrical characteristics, it may affect the reliability of the device. 2 、 Make sure VDDA(high) ≥ VSSA (low) 3 、 Make sure VDD (high) ≥ VSS (low) 4 、 IOVCC is set to VDD3 or VDDD by software configuration.

FT5x06 DATASHEET  FocalTech Systems Co., Ltd   Version 0.1   ︱ Page 7 of 17  3.2   DC Characteristics  Table 3-2 DC Characteristics (VDDA=VDD3=2.8~3.3V, Ta=-40~ 85 ℃ )  Item   Symbol   Unit   Test Condition   Min.   Typ.   Max.   Note  Input high-level voltage   VIH   V   0.7 x IOVCC   --   IOVCC Input low -level voltage   VIL   V   -0.3   --   0.3 x IOVCC Output high -level voltage   VOH   V   IOH=-0.1mA   0.7 x IOVCC   --   -- Output low -level voltage   VOL   V   IOH=0.1mA   --   --   0.3 x IOVCC I/O leakage current   ILI   μ A   Vin=0~VDDA   -1   --   1 Current consumption  （ Normal operation mode ）   Iopr   mA   VDDA=VDD3 = 2.8V Ta=25 ℃   MCLK=24MHz   --   6   -- Current consumption  （ Monitor mode ）   Imon   mA   VDDA=VDD3 = 2.8V Ta=25 ℃   MCLK=24MHz   --   4   -- Current consumption  （ Sleep mode ）   Islp   mA   VDDA=VDD3 = 2.8V Ta=25 ℃   MCLK=24MHz   --   0.03   -- Step-up output voltage   VDD5   V   VDDA=VDD3= 2.8V   5   5.25   5.6 Power Supply   voltage   VDDA VDD3   V   2.8   --   3.6  3.3   AC Characteristics  Table 3-3 AC Characteristics of Oscillators  Item   Symbol   Unit   Test Condition   Min.   Typ.   Max.   Note  OSC clock 1   fosc1   MHz   VDD3 = 2.8V Ta=25 ℃   43   48   52 OSC clock 2   fosc2   KHz   VDD3 = 2.8V Ta=25 ℃   29   32   36  Table 3-4 AC Characteristics of TX & RX  Item   Symbol   Unit   Test Condition   Min   Typ   Max   Note  TX acceptable clock   ftx   KHz   100   150   270 TX output rise time   Ttxr   nS   --   20   -- TX output fall time   Ttxf   nS   --   20   -- RX input voltage   Trxi   V   1.2   --   1.6

FT5x06 DATASHEET  FocalTech Systems Co., Ltd   Version 0.1   ︱ Page 8 of 17  3.4   I/O Ports Circuits  Figure 3-1 Input & Output Port Circuits  Figure 3-2 In/Out Port Circuit  4   PIN CONFIGURATIONS  Pin List of FT5x06  Table 4-1 Pin Definition of FT5x06  Pin No. Name   FT5206GE1   FT5306DE4   FT5406EE8   Type   Description  VSSA   40   1   1   GND   Analog ground NC   1   2   2   Not connected NC   48   3   Not connected TX28   4   O   Transmit output pin TX27   5   O   Transmit output pin TX26   6   O   Transmit output pin TX25   7   O   Transmit output pin TX24   8   O   Transmit output pin TX23   9   O   Transmit output pin TX22   10   O   Transmit output pin TX21   11   O   Transmit output pin TX20   3   12   O   Transmit output pin TX19   4   13   O   Transmit output pin TX18   5   14   O   Transmit output pin TX17   6   15   O   Transmit output pin TX16   7   16   O   Transmit output pin TX15   2   8   17   O   Transmit output pin TX14   3   9   18   O   Transmit output pin TX13   4   10   19   O   Transmit output pin TX12   5   11   20   O   Transmit output pin TX11   6   12   21   O   Transmit output pin TX10   7   13   22   O   Transmit output pin TX9   8   14   23   O   Transmit output pin TX8   9   15   24   O   Transmit output pin

FT5x06 DATASHEET  FocalTech Systems Co., Ltd   Version 0.1   ︱ Page 9 of 17  TX7   10   16   25   O   Transmit output pin TX6   11   17   26   O   Transmit output pin TX5   12   18   27   O   Transmit output pin TX4   13   19   28   O   Transmit output pin TX3   14   20   29   O   Transmit output pin TX2   15   21   30   O   Transmit output pin TX1   16   22   31   O   Transmit output pin VDD5   17   23   32   PWR   internal generated 5V power supply ，   A 1 μ F ceramic capacitor to ground is required. VDD3   18   24   33   PWR   Analog power supply VSS   19   25   34   GND   Analog ground VDDD   20   26   35   PWR   Digital power supply (1.8V), generated internal. A 1 μ F ceramic capacitor to ground is required. TEST_EN   21   27   36   I   Test mode enabled at high and float in normal mode GPIO0   37   I/O   General Purpose Input/Output port GPIO1   38   I/O   General Purpose Input/Output port GPIO2   39   I/O   General Purpose Input/Output port GPIO3   40   I/O   General Purpose Input/Output port SSEL/SCL   22   28   41   I/O   SPI Slave mode, chip select, active low / I2C clock input SCK   23   29   42   I   SPI Slave mode, clock input MOSI/SDA   24   30   43   I/O   SPI Slave mode, data input / I2C data input and output MISO   25   31   44   O   SPI Slave mode, data output /RST   26   32   45   I   External Reset, Low is active WAKE   27   33   46   I   External interrupt from the host INT   28   34   47   O   External interrupt to the host NC   48   Not connected NC   49   Not connected NC   50   Not connected NC   51   Not connected VDDA   30   35   52   PWR   Analog power supply RX1   29   36   53   I   Receiver input pins RX2   31   37   54   I   Receiver input pins RX3   32   38   55   I   Receiver input pins RX4   33   39   56   I   Receiver input pins RX5   34   40   57   I   Receiver input pins RX6   35   41   58   I   Receiver input pins RX7   36   42   59   I   Receiver input pins RX8   37   43   60   I   Receiver input pins RX9   38   44   61   I   Receiver input pins RX10   39   45   62   I   Receiver input pins RX11   46   63   I   Receiver input pins RX12   47   64   I   Receiver input pins RX13   65   I   Receiver input pins RX14   66   I   Receiver input pins RX15   67   I   Receiver input pins RX16   68   I   Receiver input pins

FT5x06 DATASHEET  FocalTech Systems Co., Ltd   Version 0.1   ︱ Page 10 of 17  FT5206GE1 Package Diagram   FT5306DE4 Package Diagram  FT5406EE8 Package Diagram  VSSA NC NC TX28 TX27 TX26 TX22 TX21 TX20 7 8 9 10 11 12 TX25 TX24 TX23 1 2 3 4 5 6 TX19   13 14 TX18 TX17 TX16   16 17 TX15 15 NC NC NC NC INT WAKE SCK SSEL/SCL GPIO3 45 44 43 42 41 40 /RST MISO MOSI/SDA 51 50 49 48 47 46 GPIO2 39 38   GPIO1 GPIO0 TEST_EN 36 35   VDDD 37 TX14 TX13 TX12 TX11 TX10 TX9 TX5 TX4 TX3 24 25 26 27 28 29 TX8 TX7 TX6 18 19 20 21 22 23 TX2   30 31 TX1 VDD5 VDD3   33 34 VSS 32 VDDA RX1 RX2 RX3 RX4 RX5 RX9 RX10 RX11 58 59 60 61 62 63 RX6 RX7 RX8 52 53 54 55 56 57 RX12 64 65   RX13 RX14 RX15 67 68   RX16 66

FT5x06 DATASHEET  FocalTech Systems Co., Ltd   Version 0.1   ︱ Page 11 of 17  5   PACKAGE INFORMATION 5.1   Package Information of QFN-5x5-40L Package  Millimeter Item   Symbol   Min   Typ   Max  Total Thickness   A   0.7   0.75   0.8 Stand Off   A1   0   0.035   0.05 Mold Thickness   A2   ----   0.55   0.57 L/F Thickness   A3   0.203 REF Lead Width   b   0.15   0.20   0.25 D   5 BSC Body Size   E   5 BSC Lead Pitch   e   0.4 BSC J   3.5   3.6   3.7 EP Size   K   3.5   3.6   3.7 Lead Length   L   0.35   0.4   0.45 Package Edge Tolerance   aaa   0.1 Mold Flatness   bbb   0.1 Co Planarity   ccc   0.08 Lead Offset   ddd   0.1 Exposed Pad Offset   eee   0.1

FT5x06 DATASHEET  FocalTech Systems Co., Ltd   Version 0.1   ︱ Page 12 of 17  5.2   Package Information of QFN-6x6-48L Package  Millimeter Item   Symbol   Min   Typ   Max  Total Thickness   A   0.7   0.75   0.8 Stand Off   A1   0   0.035   0.05 Mold Thickness   A2   ----   0.55   0.57 L/F Thickness   A3   0.203 REF Lead Width   b   0.15   0.20   0.25 D   6 BSC Body Size   E   6 BSC Lead Pitch   e   0.4 BSC J   4.1   4.2   4.3 EP Size   K   4.1   4.2   4.3 Lead Length   L   0.35   0.4   0.45 Package Edge Tolerance   aaa   0.1 Mold Flatness   bbb   0.1 Co Planarity   ccc   0.08 Lead Offset   ddd   0.1 Exposed Pad Offset   eee   0.1

FT5x06 DATASHEET  FocalTech Systems Co., Ltd   Version 0.1   ︱ Page 13 of 17  5.3   Package Information of QFN-8x8-68L Package  Millimeter Item Name   Symbol   Min   Typ   Max  Total Thickness   A   0.7   0.75   0.8 Stand Off   A1   0   0.035   0.05 Mold Thickness   A2   ----   0.55   0.57 L/F Thickness   A3   0.203 REF Lead Width   b   0.15   0.20   0.25 D   8 BSC Body Size   E   8 BSC Lead Pitch   e   0.4 BSC J   6.1   6.2   6.3 EP Size   K   6.1   6.2   6.3 Lead Length   L   0.35   0.4   0.45 Package Edge Tolerance   aaa   0.1 Mold Flatness   bbb   0.1 Coplanarity   ccc   0.08 Lead Offset   ddd   0.1 Exposed Pad Offset   eee   0.1

FT5x06 DATASHEET  FocalTech Systems Co., Ltd   Version 0.1   ︱ Page 14 of 17  5.4   Order Information  QFN  40Pin(5 * 5 )/48Pin( 6 * 6 )/68Pin ( 8 * 8 ) Package Type  0.75 - P0.4 Product Name   FT5206GE1/ FT5306DE4/FT5406EE8  Note:  1).   The last two letters in the product name indicate the package type and lead pitch and thickness. 2). The second last letter indicates the package type.  D   : QFN-6*6 ,   E   : QFN-8*8,   G   : QFN-5*5 3). The last letter indicates the lead pitch and thickness.  E   : 0.75 - P0.4  Product Name   Package Type   # TX Pins   # RX Pins  FT5206GE1 FT5306DE4 FT5406EE8  QFN-40L QFN-48L QFN-68L  15 20 28 10 12 16 T: Track Code F:   ”F”   for   Lead   Free   process. Y:   Year   Code WW:   Week   Code F T 5x06xxx T F Y W W S V

FT5x06 DATASHEET  THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS INFORMATION PROPRIETARY TO FOCALTECH SYSTEMS CO.,LTD., AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED,   DISCLOSED   OR   USED   IN   WHOLE   OR   PART   WITHOUT   THE   EXPRESS   WRITTEN   PERMISSION   OF FOCALTECH SYSTEMS CO.,LTD.  Copyright © 2010, FocalTech Systems CO.,Ltd  All rights reserved  REVISION HISTORY  DDCN#   Version   Revisions   Date  DC-1006004   0.1   First draft   2010-06-11  DC-1006006   0.2   Change FT5206GE1 Package Diagram   2010-06-21  END OF DATASHEET