- 0   -   Issue date:2017/  TABLE OF CONTENT  TK043F1508  TK043F1508 Rev 1.0   12/07  TK043F1508

- 1   -  1.   GENERAL DESCRIPTION --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------2  2.   FEATURES   ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------2  3.   MECHANICAL SPECIFICATION   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------2  4.   MECHANICAL DIMENSION   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------3  5. MAXIMUM RATINGS   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------4  6.ELECTRICAL CHARACTERISTICS   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------4  7.BACKLIGHT CHARACTERISTICS -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------5  8. MODULE FUNCTION DESCRIPTION   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------6  8.1   PIN   DESCRIPTION ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------6  8.2   APPLICATION   CIRC   --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------7  8.3   INITIAL   CODE -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------7  9. ELECTRO-OPTICAL CHARACT ERISTICS   -----------------------------------------------------------------------8  11. INSPECTION CRITERIA ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 12  12. ILLUSTRATION OF LCD DATE CODE --------------------------------------------------------------------------- 17  13. PRECAUTIONS FOR USE ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 17  13.1   SAFETY   --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 17  13.2   STORAGE   CONDITIONS ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 17  13.3   HANDLING   PRECAUTIONS ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 17  13.4   WARRANTY   --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 18  14. MARK AND PACKAGING   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 19  15. FACTORY   ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 20  16. REVISION HISTORY   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 20  TK043F1508 Rev 1.0  TK043F1508  Issue date:2017/12/07

- 2   -  1. GENERAL DESCRIPTION  The   is a 480(RGB)x800 dot-matrix TFT module. This module can be easily accessed by micro-processor-unit (MPU) via parallel 80-system interface and RGB interface, and is suitable for small mobile products as digital cell phone and MP4.  2. FEATURES  TFT LCD module Display Mode   Active matrix TFT ,Transmissive type Display Format   RGB Stripe Color   16.7M color Input Data Viewing Direction   Full viewing Backlight   White LED Driver IC  3. MECHANICAL SPECIFICATION  Item   Specifications   Unit Dimensional outline   61.26(W) × 104.5(L)   × 2.3(D)  (exclude FPC,include included D.S.T)   mm Number of Pixel   480 x 800   Pixel LCD   A.A   56.16(W) × 93.6 (L)   mm Pixel Pitch   0.117 (W) × 0.117(L)   mm  Note: 1 pixel = 3 dots = Red dot +Green dot +Blue dot TK043F1508 NT35510  SPI+RGB System parallel interface or  TK043F1508 Rev 1.0  TK043F1508  Issue date:2017/12/07

- 3   -  彎折出貨  產品符合 ROHS 要求   K A  絕緣 溅 盿  FPC 單層區 絕緣 溅 盿   焊盤高度  注：建議開窗尺寸 57.16x94.6 mm  WOLXIN WOLXIN WOLXIN  (   额   IC  ぃ额溅  修改外形尺寸 全視角 修改標註  FPC 放置在背面鐵框內  4. MECHANICAL DIMENSION  (NC)  TK043F1508 Rev 1.0  TK043F1508  Issue date:2017/12/07

- 4   -  5. MAXIMUM RATINGS  Item   Symbol   Min.   Max.   Unit   Note Supply voltage   V DD   -0.24   3.6   V Input Voltage   V IN   -0.24   V DD +0.24   V Operating temperature   T OP   -20   70   ℃  Storage temperature   T ST   -30   80   ℃  Humidity   ---   -   90%   RH   MAX60 ℃  6.ELECTRICAL CHARACTERISTICS  Item   Symbol   Condition   Min.   Typ.   Max.   Unit V DD   -   2.7   2.8   2.9   V Supply voltage   IOVCC   1.7   1.8   1.9   V H level   V IH   0.7xVCC   ---   VCC   V Input Voltage   L level   V IL  -   0   ---   0.3xVCC   V I DD   ---   40.5   ---   mA Supply current   I sleep  Without LED   ----   30   ----   uA  TK043F1508 Rev 1.0  TK043F1508  Issue date:2017/12/07

- 5   -  7.BACKLIGHT CHARACTERISTICS  Item   Symbol   Min.   Typical   Max.   Unit Current (One LED)   I f   ---   18   25   mA/Pcs Number of LED   ★ 1   ---   8   Piece Connection mode   S   Serial   --- LCM Surface Luminance   ★ 2(I f   = 18 mA)   L S   250   290   ----   cd/ ㎡  LCM Surface brightness uniform ★ 3   L D   80   ----   ----   %  ★ 1 BACKLIGHT Block diagram ：  K A  ★ 2 Definition of Luminance: From the LCD surface 50cm vertical suvery the center point ， use BM-7 at field 1 °   when all pixels displaying white.  ★ 3 Uniform measure condition ：  (1)Measure 5 point. Measure location is show below ：  (2)Uniform = (Min. brightness / Max. brightness) × 100%  A:1/4 H B:1/4 V H,V:Active Area Measurement device is TOPCON Iuminance meter BM-7  TK043F1508 Rev 1.0  TK043F1508  Issue date:2017/12/07

- 6   -  8. MODULE FUNCTION DESCRIPTION  8.1 PIN DESCRIPTION  Pin No   Symbol   Function 1   TBD 2   FMARK   Out a frame head pulse signal 3   SDI   Serial data input pin and used for RGB interface mode. 4 5   SCL   Write control pin for the DBI interface. When RGB interface is selected, this pin is used as serial clock pin. 6 7   CS   Chip select.   “ Low ”   active. 8   RESET   System reset.   “ Low ”   active. 9 10 11   GND   System ground. 12-35   DB23-DB00   Data bus. 36   DE   Data enable signal in RGB interface mode. 37   PCLK   DOT clock signal in RGB interface mode. 38   HSYNC   Horizontal sync. signal in RGB interface mode. 39   VSYNC   Vertical sync. signal in RGB interface mode. 40   IOVCC   Power supply to interface pins 41   VCC   Power   supply to liquid crystal power supply analog circuit. 42   GND   System ground. 43   LEDK   Cathode for back light power supply.  44   LEDA   Anode for back light power supply.  45   GND   System ground.  IM3(NC)  RS   “ Low ” : command.   “ High ” : display   data.  RD   LCD station read enable.   “ Low ”   active.  IM0 IM1   interface select pin  REMARK ：  Select the MPU system interface mode ：  IM1   IM0   MPU-interface mode   DB pin in use 0   0   8080   8-BIT   DB[7:0] 0   1   8080   16-BIT   DB[15:0] 1   0   8080   24-BIT   DB[23:0] 1   1   RGB   24-BIT   DB[23:0]  TK043F1508 Rev 1.0  TK043F1508  Issue date:2017/12/07

- 7   -  8.2 APPLICATION CIRC  Please consult our technical department for detail information.  8.3 INITIAL CODE  Please consult our technical department for detail information.  TK043F1508 Rev 1.0  TK043F1508  Issue date:2017/12/07

- 8   -  9. ELECTRO-OPTICAL CHARACT ERISTICS  Electro-Optical   Characteristics  Item   Symbol   Condition   Temp.   Min.   Typ.   Max.   Units   Note  ----   70   ----  ----   70   ----  ----   70   ---- Viewing Angle Range   θ  ψ = 0 °  ψ = 90 °  ψ = 180 °  ψ = 270 °  (CR   10) ≧  25 ℃  ----   70   ---- degree   Note 2 Rise Time (Tr)   ----   20   ---- Response Time Fall Time (Tf)  θ = ψ = 0 °  θ 0   = 25 °   25 ℃  ----   15   ---- msec   Note 1,4 x   0.26   0.2940   0.30 White y   0.30   0.3288   0.34 x   ----   ---- Red y   ----   ---- x   ----   ---- Green y   ----   ---- x   ----   ---- Module Chromaticity Blue y  θ = ψ = 0 °   25 ℃  ----  TBD  ---- ---   Note 3 Module Contrast Ratio   CR   θ = ψ = 0 °   25 ℃   650   ---   Note3, 5  TK043F1508 Rev 1.0  TK043F1508  Issue date: 2017/12/07

- 9   -  Note 1: Electro-Optical Characteristics Test Method.  Note 2: Definition of Viewing Angel.  Viewing angle is the angle at which the contrast ratio is greater than 2,for TFT module thecontrast ratio is greater than 10. The angles are determined for the horizontal or x axis and the vertical or y axis with respect to the z axis which is normal to the LCD surface.  Note 3: Optical measurement equipment setup  Polarizer   Liquid Crystal Panel Light Source for Transmissive Type Light Source for Reflective Type Response Time  Photo-detector  θ θ o  12 O ’ clock Direction 9 O ’ clock Direction  ψ =90 ∘ ψ =270 ∘  ψ =180  ψ =0 ∘  Viewing Direction 6 O ’ clock Direction  φ  θ  N ormal:  θ =0 ∘  3 O ’ clock Direction  TK043F1508 Rev 1.0  TK043F1508  Issue date:2017/12/07

- 10   -  -Measurement should be executed in a stable, windless, and dark room. After lighting thebacklight for 30mins. -Environment condition : Common air conditioner cleanness   Ta=25 ± 5 Humidity=60 ± 15% -Distance : 50cm -Photodetector : BM-7 (Field 1 o )  Note 4: Definition of Optical Response Time  The output signals of photo detector are measured when the input signals are changed from   “ black ”   to   “ white ” (falling time) and from   “ white ”   to   “ black ” (rising time), respectively. The response time is defined as the time interval between the 10% and 90% of amplitudes. Refer to figure as below:  Note 5: Definition of Contrast Ratio (CR).  Contrast ratio is calculated with the following formula.  TK043F1508 Rev 1.0  TK043F1508  Issue date:2017/12/07

- 11   -  10. RELIABILITY  10.1. MTBF The LCD module shall be designed to meet a minimum MTBF value of 50000 hours with normal. (25 ° C in the room without sunlight) 10.2. Test condition  NO.   ITEM   CONDITION   CRITERION  1   High Temperature Non-Operating Test 80   * 240Hrs ℃  2   Low Temperature Non-Operating Test -30   * 240Hrs ℃  3   High Temperature/Humidity Operating Test   50 ℃   * 90%RH * 240 Hrs 4   High Temperature Operating Test   70   * 240Hrs ℃  5   Low Temperature Operating Test   -20   * 240Hrs ℃  6   Thermal Shock Test   -30   (30Min ) ℃   ↔   80(30Min)* 10 Cycles 7   ESD Test   Air discharge: ± 6KV Contact discharge: ± 4KV  。 No defect of operational functions in room temperature are allowable.  。 IDD of LCM should be below specification. Notes: 1.Judgments should be made after exposure in room temperature for two hours. 2.The pure water is used for the high temperature / humidity test.  3.The sample above is individually for every reliability tests condition.  TK043F1508 Rev 1.0  TK043F1508  Issue date:2017/12/07

- 12   -  11. INSPECTION CRITERIA  1. AQL(Acceptable Quality Level) AQL of major and minor defect MAJOR DEFECT   MINOR DEFECT   MAJOR+MINOR APPEARANCE   0.40%   1.0%   1.0% ELECTRIC-OPTICAL   0.15%   0.15%   0.15% 2. Basic conditions for inspection The LCM face to us,   According to the criteria of luminance measurement instruction, About an angle of incidence 30,a distence of 30 cm with normal eye.with an angle of 45 degree to check the products without uncovering the film! (As shown below). 3. Inspection item and criteria 3.1 Visual inspection criterion in immobility 3.1.1 Glass defect No   Defect item   Criteria   Remark 1 Dimension Unconformity (Major defect) By Engineering Drawing  30cm  45 ± 10 °  Front Polarizer  Glass  Rear Polarizer  Light Source  20W  30cm  30 °  TK043F1508 Rev 1.0  TK043F1508  Issue date:2017/12/07

- 13   -  No   Defect item   Criteria   Remark 2 Cracks (Major defect) 1)Not-extended crack according to the limit sample  2) Extended crack when   C   T and the ≦  crack touch   1/3 sealant width is ≦  OK 3 Glass extrude the conductive area (minor defect) a: disregards and no influence assemblage 1)   b   1/3Pin wid ≦   th(non bonding area)  【 Accept 】  2)   bonding area   0.5mm ≦  【 Accept 】  a:Length,   b:Width 4 Pin-side ， conductive area damaged (minor defect) (a   c ： disregards) b   1/3 of effective length for ≦  bonding electrode  【 Accept 】  a ： Length ， b ： Width ， c ：  Thickness 5 Pin-side ， non-conductive area damaged (minor defect) 1)   Damage area don ’ t touch the ITO (Inclueling contraposition mark,except scribing mark )  【 Accept 】  2)   c<T b   BM 1/3 of width ≦  【 Accept 】  3)   c=T b not touch the seal glue  【 Accept 】  4) a disregards a ： Length ， b ： Width ， c ：  Thickness 6 Non-pin-side damage (minor defect) c<T 1)   b exceeds 1/3 BM  【 Reject 】  c=T b not touch the seal glue  【 Accept 】  c   ：   Thickness   b:   width   of damage 3.1.2 LCD appearance defect (View area)  D  T  c  a  b  T  b  a  a   c b  b  BM   內緣  TK043F1508 Rev 1.0  TK043F1508  Issue date:2017/12/07

- 14   -  No   Defect item   Criteria   Remark Specification   Allowable W   0.03mm ≦   disregard 0.03mm<W ≦ 0.05mm ;  L ≦ 3.0mm   2 0.05mm<W ≦ 0.1mm; L ≦ 3.0mm   1 1 Fiber 、 glass cratch 、 polarizer scratch/folded (minor defect) W>0.1mm ; L>3.0mm   0 note1: L ： Length ， W ： Width note2: disregard if out of AA  ψ ≦ 0.2mm   disregard 0.2mm< ψ   ≦   0.3mm   2 0.3mm< ψ   ≦   0.5mm   1 2 Polarizer bubble 、  concave and convex (minor defect)  0.5mm< ψ   0 note 1: ψ =(L+W)/2 ； L ： Length ，  W ： Width note2: disregard if out of AA  ψ   0.10mm ≦   disregard 0.1mm< ψ   0.15mm ≦   2 3 Black dots 、 dirty dots 、  impurities 、 eyewinker (Major defect) 0.15< ψ   0.2mm ≦  1 note 1: disregard if out of AA note2: Inspection by RGB pattern  ψ ≦ 0.1mm   disregard 0.1mm< ψ ≦ 0.25mm   3 4 Polarizer prick (Major defect)  ψ ＞ 0.25mm   0 note1: ψ =(L+W)/2   ； L= Length ，  W=Width note2: the distance between two dots   ＞ 5mm 3.1.3 .FPC No   Defect item   Criteria   Remark 1   Copper screen peel (Major defect) Copper screen peel  【 Reject 】  2   No release tape or peel (Major defect) No release tape or peel  【 Reject 】  Specification   Allowable  ψ ≦ 0.25mm   2 3 Dirty dot and impurity of FPC for customer using side   (minor defect)  ψ >0.25   0 note1: Cannot have stride ITO impurities 3.1.4 Black tape & Mara tape No   Defect item   Criteria   Remark  W L  ψ  ψ  TK043F1508 Rev 1.0  TK043F1508  Issue date:2017/12/07

- 15   -  No   Defect item   Criteria   Remark 1 FPC or H/S   black tape shift (minor defect) 1.shift spec: 1)glue to the polarize  【 Reject 】  2) IC bare   【 Reject 】  2. left-and-right spec: 1) exceed of FPC edge or H-S edge   【 Reject 】  2)IC bare   【 Reject 】  2   No black tape (Major defect) No black tape  【 Reject 】  3   Tape position mistake (minor defect) Not by engineering drawing  【 Reject 】  4   Mara tape defect (minor defect) Peel before pulling the protecting film.  【 Reject 】  3.1.5 Silicon and Tuffy glue No   Defect item   Criteria   Remark 1 Quantity of silicon (minor defect) Uncover the ITO and circuit area.  【 Reject 】  note: compared by engineering drawing. 2 Tuffy glue (minor defect) 1.   Uncover the reveal copper area   【 Reject 】  2.   Cover layer 0.3mm(Min) ~ 3.0mm(Max)   【 accept 】  note:if customer has special requirement , refer to the technical document. 3 Depth of glue covering (minor defect) Depth of glue covering overtop front Polarizer  【 Reject 】  Except   of   the   special requirement 。  3.2 Electrical criteria No   Defect item   Criteria   Remark 1   No display (Major defect) No display  【 Reject 】  2   Missing line (Major defect) Missing line  【 Reject 】  Mara tape  LCD  y1  y2  Heat Seal  x  X  x1 3.0 mm( Max)  TK043F1508 Rev 1.0  TK043F1508  Issue date:2017/12/07

- 16   -  No   Defect item   Criteria   Remark 3   Seg-com light and dark (Major defect) Seg-com   light   and   dark  【 Reject 】  4   No display in immobility (Major defect) No display in immobility  【 Reject 】  5   Flicker of Pattern (Major defect) Flicker of Pattern  【 Reject 】  6   Over current (Major defect) Over current  【 Reject 】  7 Voltage out of specification (Major defect) Voltage out of specification  【 Reject 】  8 Pattern blur ,error code (Major defect) Pattern blur ,error code  【 Reject 】  9   Dark light, Flicker (Major defect) Dark light, Flicker  【 Reject 】  Specification   Allowable  ψ ≦ 0.10mm   disregard 0.10mm< ψ   ≦   0.15mm   2 10 Black/White dots  、 Dirty dots 、 eyewinker (Major defect) 0.15mm< ψ   ≦   0.2mm   1 Note1: disregard if out of AA note2: Inspection by RGB pattern W ≦ 0.03mm   disregard 0.03mm<W ≦ 0.05mm ; L ≦ 3.0mm   2 0.05mm<W ≦ 0.1mm; L ≦ 3.0mm   1 11 Fiber 、 glass cratch 、  polarizer scratch/folded (minor defect) W>0.1mm ; L>3.0mm   0 note1: L ： Length ， W ：  Width note2: disregard if out of AA  W  φ  ψ  ψ  TK043F1508 Rev 1.0  TK043F1508  Issue date:2017/12/07

- 17 -  12. ILLUSTRATION OF LCD DATE CODE  13. PRECAUTIONS FOR USE  13.1 SAFETY  (1) Do not swallow any liquid crystal, even if there is no proof that liquid crystal is poisonous. (2) If the LCD panel breaks, be careful not to get liquid crystal to touch your skin. (3) If skin is exposed to liquid crystal, wash the area thoroughly with alcohol or soap.  13.2 STORAGE CONDITIONS  (1) Store the panel or module in a dark place where the temperature is 23 ± 5 ° C and the humidity is below 45 ± 20%RH. (2) Store in anti-static electricity container. (3) Store in clean environment, free from dust, active gas, and solvent. (4) Do not place the module near organics solvents or corrosive gases. (5) Do not crush, shake, or jolt the module.  13.3 HANDLING PRECAUTIONS  (1) Avoid static electricity, which can damage the CMOS LSI. (2) The polarizin plate of the display is very fragile. so, please handle if very carefully. (3) Do not give external shock. (4) Do not apply excessive force on the surface. (5) Do not wipe the polarizing plate with a dry cloth, as it may easily scratch the surface of plate. (6) Do not use ketonics solvent & Aromatic solvent, use with a soft cloth soaked with a cleaning naphtha solvent.  TK043F1508 Rev 1.0  TK043F1508  Issue date:2017/12/07

- 18 -  (7) Do not operate it above the absolute maximum rating. (8) Do not remove the panel or frame from the module.  13.4 WARRANTY  The period is within twelve months since the date of shipping out under normal using and storage conditions.  TK043F1508 Rev 1.0  TK043F1508  Issue date:2017/12/07

- 19 -  14. MARK AND PACKAGING  (11) (10) ( 9 ) ( 4 ) ( 8 )  TRAY 型號：   KPLOM1066A01-1A  旋轉 180 度後  包裝次序 (1)~(11)   ( 1 )  2  ( 5 )  正面   1  TRAY  2  疊放次序為  ( 2 )  1  用 tape 膠帶將   tray 盤固定  ( 3 ) ( 6 )  1 2  13   個實裝產品   TRAY,1 個 空 TRAY 1 個 TRAY   裝產品   pcs  包裝數量 : 製品   pcs/1 小箱  ( 7 )  104 8  完成小箱包裝  tray 盤用 EPE 包裹 在大箱中加入瓦棱紙墊和護圍  非保稅產品內 外箱使用帶 的膠帶  內、外箱必須用膠帶封箱 小箱中如有空隙， 用適當 EPE 或氣泡膜填充  NOTE:  4 小箱裝 入一大外箱 大箱在封箱前加墊瓦楞紙   個實裝產品 TRAY,4 個空   TRAY  包裝數量   : 製品   pcs/1 大箱  52 416  完成包裝  包裝示意圖  包裝  TK043F1508 Rev 1.0  TK043F1508  Issue date:2017/12/07

- 20 -  15. FACTORY  For the consideration of mass production convenience, this module will by manufactured in the factory below.  16. REVISION HISTORY  Rev NO.   Revise record   Rev Date Original revision 1.0   2017/12/07  FACTORY PHONE: TEL: 86-755-33561760  TK043F1508 Rev 1.0  TK043F1508  Issue date:2017/12/07